## E1 端口环测

	How do I run a pattern loopback test (patlooptest) on my E1/T1 card?

	OpenVox's pri cards can be tested using patlooptest. This test transmits a bit pattern and listens for the same bit pattern to be received, comparing the results. To run the test, plug an E1/T1 loopback cable into the port to be tested. here, the pin assignment of lookback cable is 1->4, 2->5. this is a example for how to make a lookback cable:
		http://www.ortizonline.com/publications/april2004/loopback.htm

	1. 环线接入 E1 端口
	2. 配置 dahdi，先备份再配置
		E1, /etc/zaptel.conf (or /etc/dahdi/system.conf)
			span=1,0,0,ccs,hdb3,crc4
			clear=1-31
			# for TE2xx and TE4xx, uncomment the following two lines
			# span=2,0,0,ccs,hdb3,crc4
			# clear=32-62
			# for TE4xx, uncomment the following four lines
			# span=3,0,0,ccs,hdb3,crc4
			# clear=63-93
			# span=4,0,0,ccs,hdb3,crc4
			# clear=94-124

		T1, /etc/zaptel.conf (or /etc/dahdi/system.conf)
			span=1,0,0,esf,b8zs
			clear=1-24
			# for TE2xx and TE4xx, uncomment the following two lines
			# span=2,0,0,esf,b8zs
			# clear=25-48
			# for TE4xx, uncomment the following four lines
			# span=3,0,0,esf,b8zs
			# clear=49-72
			# span=4,0,0,esf,b8zs
			# clear=73-96
		
		ztcfg -vvv 或 dahdi_cfg -vvv
	3. 进入 dahdi 源码目录：
		cd tools; make tests
	4. ./patlooptest /dev/dahdi/1 300
		./patlooptest dahdi通道 可选的超时时间

	5. patlooptest should complete without displaying any errors. If there are errors, it may indicate that the card or port is bad. However, errors could also be caused by interrupt misses or a faulty loopback plug.
If patlooptest does not terminate after the timeout interval, then the card is probably not taking any interrupts.
original link is from:http://kb.digium.com/entry/138/